VIDEO 10731 - Making addProcessor work across all supported browsers (#1847)
twilio/twilio-video.js: CHANGELOG.md

**Version 1.x reached End of Life on September 8th, 2021.** See the changelog entry [here](https://www.twilio.com/changelog/end-of-life-complete-for-unsupported-versions-of-the-programmable-video-sdk). Support for the 1.x version ended on December 4th, 2020.

2.23.1 (In Progress)
====================

Changes
-------

> `VideoTrack.addProcessor` now works on browsers that doesn't support `OffscreenCanvas`. With this release, when used with [@twilio/video-processors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`VideoTrack.addProcessor` now works on browsers that do not support `OffscreenCanvas`. With this release, when used with [@twilio/video-processors
```

 v1.1.0](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@twilio/video-processors/v/1.1.0), the Virtual Background feature will work on browsers that supports [WebGL2](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebGL2RenderingContext). See [VideoTrack.addProcessor](https://sdk.twilio.com/js/video/releases/2.23.1/docs/VideoTrack.html#addProcessor__anchor) and [@twilio/video-processors
 v1.1.0](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@twilio/video-processors/v/1.1.0) for details.

### Example

```ts
import { createLocalVideoTrack } from 'twilio-video';
import { VirtualBackgroundProcessor, Pipeline } from '@twilio/video-processors';

const virtualBackgroundProcessor = new VirtualBackgroundProcessor({
  pipeline: Pipeline.WebGL2,
  //...other options
});

await virtualBackground.loadModel();

const videoTrack = await createLocalVideoTrack({
  width: 640,
  height: 480,
  frameRate: 24
});

videoTrack.addProcessor(processor, {
  inputFrameBufferType: 'video',

>   outputFrameBufferContextType: 'webgl2',

Reviewer: Let's use the enum type here, just to be consistent.
